---
title: 18 Weeks
author: robin
type: post
date: 2012-04-30T01:48:15+00:00
url: /?p=375
categories:
  - Uncategorized

---
So I&#8217;m typing this up on my phone so I&#8217;m not going to do a full weekly update just some highlights and then I&#8217;ll do a full one next week. So what&#8217;s new this week???
  
1. I&#8217;m up another 2 lbs which makes me about plus 4 since the beginning &#8211; not too bad. I&#8217;ve really got an appetite these days so I&#8217;m sure the scale will keep moving.
  
2. Baby is about the size of a mango, about 6 inches long and half a pound. Getting bigger.
  
3. I&#8217;m still unsure about the movement I don&#8217;t think I&#8217;ll be convinced it&#8217;s the baby until I can feel it from the outside.
  
4. I&#8217;m best friends with orange juice this week. I got the kind with calcium and vitamin d to make it a little more worthwhile.
  
5. We bought a crib and dresser for the baby&#8217;s room. We found a gorgeous crib set on sale and decided to just go ahead and get it. It can take up to 12 weeks to get here so I guess it&#8217;s good we found it when we did. I&#8217;m so excited about it and cannot wait to see the furniture in the baby&#8217;s room.
  
6. I started prenatal yoga this week. It was great I love yoga and it&#8217;s pretty fun doing yoga with a bunch of pregnant girls, and the instructor is great. I&#8217;m looking forward to the next seven weeks when I go again.
  
7. We are getting so excited for our ultrasound on Friday!!! Hopefully we will know if we are having a little boy or girl. I have a feeling it&#8217;ll be a long week anticipating the appointment. 

So that&#8217;s about all the highlights from this week. I&#8217;ll post more when we get our ultrasound.