---
title: 34 Weeks
author: robin
type: post
date: 2012-08-21T17:52:51+00:00
url: /?p=418
categories:
  - Uncategorized

---
**How Far Along:** 34 Weeks

**Weight Gain:** Not sure I quit weighing myself at home because it was so different from the doctor&#8217;s scale. I have an appointment on Friday so I&#8217;ll find out then. I&#8217;m a little nervous about the amount of gain over these few weeks hopefully it won&#8217;t be much more than a pound a week which would put me up about 17 pounds. 

******Maternity Clothes:** Yeppers and the sad thing is even some of my maternity shirts are getting too short. But on the plus side since Erin had her baby she sent some maternity clothes home with my mom and it has been very nice to have a few new pieces to wear. 

******Movement:** It&#8217;s the same as it has been. I&#8217;m anxious to see the doctor and see if she thinks baby is head down or not. I know it&#8217;s early but I&#8217;d love to figure out if what I&#8217;ve been feeling in my ribs in a foot or hand or something else. 

**What I miss:** Sleep. Nighttime has been sort of a stressful thing these days not exactly the relaxing, reenergizing sleep that I&#8217;m used to. I&#8217;m still sleeping on the couch and will continue that but I&#8217;m finding it difficult to get comfortable even there. My back continues to ache, my knees hurt, and my belly aches when I lay on my side even with pillows under it. By the end of the day I&#8217;m so exhausted but just can&#8217;t relax or get comfortable to actually sleep well. 

**What&#8217;s up with my body:** Pretty much the same as last week. But I also have been having some nausea like the first trimester and just not able to find something that sounds good to eat. Kind of weird. 

******What&#8217;s up with the baby:** Here&#8217;s a little blurb from babycenter.com about what the baby is doing this week:

> _Your baby now weighs about 4 3/4 pounds (like your average cantaloupe) and is almost 18 inches long. Fat layers – which will help regulate your baby&#8217;s body temperature after birth – are filling your baby out, making him or her rounder. Your baby&#8217;s skin is also smoother than ever.</p> 
> 
> The central nervous system is maturing, and your baby&#8217;s lungs are continuing to mature as well. If you&#8217;ve been nervous about preterm labor, you&#8217;ll be happy to know that babies born between 34 and 37 weeks who have no other health problems generally do fine. They may need a short stay in the neonatal nursery and may have a few short-term health issues, but in the long run, they usually do as well as full-term babies.</em></blockquote> 
> 
> **Gender:** It&#8217;s a GIRL!__
> 
> **Emotions:** They are getting stronger and crazier for sure. I nearly broke down in tears over the weekend when I spilled balsamic vingerette all over the table and myself at Whole Foods. I find myself getting teary eyed over next to nothing, like when I can&#8217;t get comfy to fall asleep. I just feel on edge most days. But I try to keep it in check. 
> 
> ******Best part of the week:** Realizing we are just over a month away from our due date. I&#8217;m getting so excited to meet her and see what her little face looks like but we are getting very close.