---
title: 2 Months Old
author: robin
type: post
date: 2012-11-30T15:17:46+00:00
url: /?p=478
categories:
  - Uncategorized

---
This post is just a little late technically Molly is like two months and one week old but you get the idea. She has changed a lot in these last four weeks. Her biggest growth came in her sleep pattern; she now regularly will sleep 7-8 hours at night. Bedtime is typically between 8 and 9 at night and she will sleep until 5 or 6 in the morning. The amount that she is sleeping is amazing but I also love that there is a little predictability with her schedule. So nice. Daytime sleep is more if a challenge she gets tired during the day but doesn&#8217;t like to nap without being held. Occasionally she will sleep for thirty minutes or so in her bouncy seat, crib, or swing but it&#8217;s short lived. Her pediatrician said this was pretty typical and her nighttime sleep is awesome so we should just roll with it. Molly has also started to smile at us, it&#8217;s very cute. I especially love when I&#8217;m getting her out of her crib in the morning and she sees me and immediately has a huge smile. Melts my heart. She also will &#8220;talk&#8221; with you. Mike was sitting with her and she spent a good five minutes telling him a story. It&#8217;s really fun to see her interact with people. At her two month check up she weighed 12 lbs 9 oz and was 23inches long, she has grown quite a bit. She got her first set of immunizations. It was pretty sad but she handled them very well. I experimented with bringing dairy back into my diet and she tolerated small amounts but when I ate more she started having the same troubles painful gas, fussy feedings, and just generally unhappy. So once again I&#8217;m off milk maybe in a month or so I&#8217;ll try again. Next up will be Molly&#8217;s first road trip to my parents house and then a plane ride to visit Erin in Atlanta. I&#8217;m so curious how she will do sleeping somewhere else. Fingers crossed she will keep doing so good.