---
title: 24 Weeks
author: robin
type: post
date: 2012-06-08T15:45:27+00:00
url: /?p=387
categories:
  - Uncategorized

---
**How Far Along: **24 Weeks

**Weight Gain: **Not totally sure I haven&#8217;t weighed myself this week, but after my doctors appointment last week I think I was up 8 so I&#8217;m guessing I&#8217;m up 9 or 10lbs. Funny thing about my weight though Mike thought I had gained a lot more than just 10lbs because of the size of my belly and was shocked when I told him it was less than 10lbs.

******Maternity Clothes: **Yep pretty much all the time, I&#8217;m still squeezing into some of my pre-pregnancy shirts but it doesn&#8217;t always look that good. I also bought a new maxi dress from Target that isn&#8217;t maternity but it works with the belly.

**Movement: **Definitely feeling undeniable movement some times it very light and little movements, but others are big kicks. Mike has been able to feel her a little bit, but not regularly. The other night I was reading with my iPad on my belly and it jumped. That was a little crazy if Mike&#8217;s hand was on my belly there is no doubt he could have felt her but since the big movements are so few and far between he misses them. It is definitely reassuring to be able to feel her, but of course there are new worries if she is having a lazy day.

**What I miss: **Nothing new&#8230;.I would love to sleep on my stomach but I think I may be getting used to sleeping on my sides. I&#8217;ve been at my parent&#8217;s house this week and sleeping pretty good so hopefully I&#8217;ll have a few weeks without too many sleep struggles.

******What&#8217;s up with my body:** Heartburn is still a major issue, but I&#8217;m dealing pretty well. If I don&#8217;t take Tums before bed I will wake up with some wicked heartburn so I&#8217;ve learned to just take it whether or not I feel bad before bed. I fell down the steps on my booty a few weeks ago and I&#8217;m still dealing with some tailbone pain because of the fall. My doctor told me no exercise and rest and ice for two weeks and if it still bothered me I will be headed to physical therapy. I made an appointment with a chiropractor on Monday in hopes of getting this resolved but I&#8217;m going to pretty much do whatever I need to do to fix it because I miss going for walks. And right now it is still too painful. So fingers crossed that will be feeling better soon. Funny thing with my body that I didn&#8217;t really expect was to have such dry hair. Like it never gets oily I can go days without washing my hair and it looks fine, but before pregnancy I could barely go a day without washing and I would look like a grease monkey. I actually went to my hairdresser and got a deep conditioning treatment which has helped a ton. I&#8217;m convinced that this baby will be born with a head full of hair because she is clearly stealing all the good hair hormones right now.

**What&#8217;s up with the baby:** Here&#8217;s a little blurb from babycenter.com about what the baby is doing this week:

> _Your baby&#8217;s growing steadily, having gained about 4 ounces since last week. That puts him at just over a pound. Since he&#8217;s almost a foot long ([picture an ear of corn][1]), he cuts a pretty lean figure at this point, but his body is filling out proportionally and he&#8217;ll soon start to plump up. His brain is also growing quickly now, and his taste buds are continuing to develop. His lungs are developing &#8220;branches&#8221; of the respiratory &#8220;tree&#8221; as well as cells that produce surfactant, a substance that will help his air sacs inflate once he hits the outside world. His skin is still thin and translucent, but that will start to change soon._

__I&#8217;m still guessing that she weighs a little more than the estimate because when we had our ultrasound she was about a week ahead in her weight. She definitely getting bigger and stronger.

******Gender: **It&#8217;s a GIRL!

**Emotions: **Nothing too crazy I&#8217;ve kept it together pretty good, there have definitely been times while watching TV and seeing a sappy commercial that if I hadn&#8217;t been trying not to cry I would have been crying. So silly, but those Mom Olympic commercials are some serious tear jerkers.

**Best part of the week: **Being at my parent&#8217;s house&#8230;. there&#8217;s nothing better than having your mom take care of you so that&#8217;s been awesome. I&#8217;m excited to go back home today but it&#8217;s been a such a nice visit.

Of course I don&#8217;t have a good picture for you maybe later this week. But in two weeks Erin and I are getting pictures taken by one of my friends who is an amazing photographer so soon I will have some very good photos for  you all.

 [1]: http://www.babycenter.com/slideshow-baby-size?slideNumber=22