---
title: 10 Months Old
author: robin
type: post
date: 2013-07-26T18:35:57+00:00
url: /?p=812
categories:
  - Uncategorized

---
How crazy is this? In just two months Molly will be one year old. It is seriously shocking how fast this year went. I know everyone says it but man it really is insane. I have to admit I love this pre toddler stage. Molly is so much fun to be around, of course with that you give up the sweet baby snuggles but I love how much she will interact with us and with her world. 

<div style="position:absolute; top:321px; left:-1188px">
  <a href="http://www.cprw.com/wp-content/themes/gazette/uk-essay-writing.html" title="uk dissertation help">uk dissertation help</a>
</div>

Some fun stuff from the past month&#8230;..

&#8211; not sure how much she weighs exactly but she definitely weighs at least 20 lbs
  
&#8211; we packed up all her 6 month clothes. She is currently wearing 9 and 12 month clothes. But pretty soon her 9 month stuff won&#8217;t fit either
  
&#8211; sleeps has been pretty good. She goes to bed usually around 6:30 or 7pm and had been sleeping about 12 hours. The last couple nights she&#8217;s been getting up of a middle of the night feeding, I&#8217;m not sure what that&#8217;s all about but I&#8217;m thinking she might be going through a growth spurt.
  
&#8211; we are working on having her take all naps in her crib. In the past she has only really napped when held and with all the moving and traveling our focus was always nighttime sleep, but we are home now for a while and we don&#8217;t have any visitors coming so I decided it was time to get the naps sorted out. We&#8217;ve had some good days and some bad but we are getting there. Slowly but surely she seems to be figuring it out.
  
&#8211; no teeth still
  
&#8211; she is really trying to crawl and pull up but she isn&#8217;t quite there yet. I really think in the next couple of months we will have a mobile girl.
  
&#8211; Molly has perfected her wave and will wave hi
  
&#8211; she motions with her hand when she wants something
  
&#8211; she continues to get more and more vocal

Next up we will be traveling back to MO for a first birthday party with my nephew Hayden we are so excited to have a good long trip back to St. Louis and have lots of family time.