---
title: 4 Months
author: robin
type: post
date: 2013-01-26T00:27:15+00:00
url: /?p=547
categories:
  - Uncategorized

---
Molly is four months old and out of the fourth trimester (Dr Karp&#8217;s Happiest Baby on the Block) she is definitely much more baby and much less newborn which is pretty cool. Molly had her four month appointment at the doctor and she now weighs 14 lbs 10 oz so about 2 lbs gained in two months and she is 26 inches long. She is still in the 90-95% for height and 75% for weight. Dr.Plax was thrilled with her growth. We were all a little sad this was her last appointment with Dr. Plax but I made her an appointment with Dr.Tan who will hopefully be her new doctor in CA. Some other changes this month: 

&#8211; Molly will grasp and hold toys, hold her hands together, and bring things to her mouth with purpose.
  
&#8211; She will put weight on her legs and stand if you help her. It&#8217;s so freakin cute she has this look of concentration and sticks her arms out for balance. It&#8217;s hilarious!
  
&#8211; She has gone back to sleeping 7- 8 hours a night. We do usually have to go back into her room one or two times to resettle her down but that&#8217;s been pretty typical. Once we are settled in CA and she has adjusted to the time zone we will start working on laying her down awake and Molly putting herself to sleep. I just can&#8217;t imagine trying to do that now with all the move stuff going on.
  
&#8211; Molly fits pretty comfortably in 3 or 3-6 month clothes. I can still squeeze her into some 0-3 month stuff but I think those will get packed up before the move and get put in storage.
  
&#8211; She notices our cat but isn&#8217;t really interested in her
  
&#8211; We got the green light from Dr. Plax to start solid food when we want. I&#8217;m thinking we will wait until closer to six months.
  
&#8211; We still aren&#8217;t sure what color her hair or eyes will be. New hair is coming in and it looks kind of light brown but its hard to tell and her eyes are still kind of gray but maybe a little on the blue side.
  
&#8211; She is really working at rolling over but hasn&#8217;t quite made it happen yet.
  
All in all she is doing great!!