---
title: 18 Months
author: robin
type: post
date: 2014-03-24T02:32:55+00:00
url: /?p=933
categories:
  - Uncategorized

---
Molly is one and a half&#8230;..can you believe she will be two in six short months. So crazy time is flying by. I haven&#8217;t done a Molly update in a long time and thought it would be a good time since she is doing lots of super fun things these days.

  * <span style="line-height: 13px;">She officially started walking on January 2nd just after she turned 15 months.  And is now walking, running, spinning in a circle, and &#8220;flying&#8221; (walking with her arm out front)</span>
  * She has lots of new words like Dada (Mike is very happy she is finally saying Dada), cook, milk, airplane, cracker, and puppy and is starting putting some words together like Oh No and Peek a Boo. She can also name and label different parts of her face and body.
  * Molly will tell you what different animals say and it only takes us telling her a time or two for her to pick up a new animal or body part.
  * She sleeps about 12 hours at night and she has a little stuffed Elmo that sleeps with her.
  * She loves the run and dance with Daddy and LOVES going to the beach and playing in our backyard.
  * Molly isn&#8217;t a picky eater exactly but she is definitely finding things that she prefers like crackers. This girl loves crackers.
  * Not really sure how much she weighs or what her height is right now but she is definitely taller than a couple of months ago. She little pants don&#8217;t have to be rolled nearly as much.
  * She is mostly wearing 18 month clothes but there are some 12-18 month stuff that she still wears and I&#8217;ve got some 2T stuff that isn&#8217;t too terribly big that she can wear too. And she is in size 5 shoes.
  * We officially stopped nursing about 2-3 weeks ago. It was a pretty easy transition on both of us but my hormones were a little crazy for a couple of days.

Molly is so much more little kid than baby. She is a lot of fun to hang out with. We&#8217;ve got a busy summer and I&#8217;m so excited to see what else she learns to do.